docs: update prerequisites for installing Ingress-Nginx Controller on… (#2936)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_installing-ingress-nginx-controller-on-amazon-elastic-kubernetes-service.adoc

Follow these instructions to install the link:https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/[Ingress-Nginx Controller] on {eks-short}.

.Prerequisites

> * Ensure your VPC subnets have the appropriate tags for load balancer discovery:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verify that your VPC subnets have the appropriate tags for load balancer discovery:
```

** For public subnets (with internet gateway routes): `kubernetes.io/role/elb=1`
** For private subnets (without internet gateway routes): `kubernetes.io/role/internal-elb=1`
** For all subnets: `kubernetes.io/cluster/<CLUSTER_NAME>=shared` or `kubernetes.io/cluster/<CLUSTER_NAME>=owned`

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you explain pls, why those prerequisites are needed?
